---
title: Scratch
layout: post
author: giacomo.mailey
permalink: /scratch/
source-id: 1vlVK2ThcH7z0HwruGIqBwyH4KaPyaivxK_wRXx9Weeo
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Scratch</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>01/01/01</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Our starting point was to sign into Scratch by turning on our monitors and then signing into Scratch.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Start a bit of work on scratch to make our own game (Space Invaders).</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>Yes because I have made a good start and most elements are working but no because I didn't make my lazer disappear.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>I persevered by making the rocket move to the left and right and I have found images on the internet to use for my game as my sprites(the aliens).</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>This week I questioned people what to do next to my game to make it look better.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>I tried everything I could before asking the person sitting next to me what to do.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>I reflected by going back home after school for extra learning to get it right and make whatever I did in class better.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>I looked at how Mr Keen changed his Sprite so I could do it when he sends us off to do it ourselves.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>When the green flag is clicked for my game I want the laser to hide when it goes to the rocket so I could have made that work in class but then after school I figured out how to do it with the hide button in the Looks section in Scratch.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to look and see how I can make my sprites look better or that my background was of a planet not of the stars.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


