---
title: Lightbot
layout: post
author: giacomo.mailey
permalink: /lightbot/
source-id: 1R1-KN0FMURpFDz4LsjbftedS_8RA-qFTRD93dJOJMcY
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Lightbot</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>09/03/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Mr Keen got us to gather round his desk and watch what he does. The reason why, is that he was introducing us to a new programming site which was called Lightbot which was a test where you had to code the robot to move squares and light up. Mr Keen showed us the basic levels for us to get the hang of things and then he would send us back to our chairs and for the rest of the lesson we would have to progress through the levels and see how far we could get in one hour.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>My target for this lesson was to try my best and not get angry with the computer because I couldn't make the robot move where I wanted him to go. I also set a target for this lesson which was to complete 3-2 which was a challenge however it put me in the right mindset to try and get as many levels done as I possibly could.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>Yes I did reach my target because I thought I was going at a fast pace through the levels and tried my best to be efficient. I also did reach my target because I got to level 3-4 which I am happy about because I thought I would do a bit worse. </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>When I was in the lesson doing the levels Mr Keen had asked the class to do. I found level 2-6 quite challenging because I was always trying to do the level in fours because there were four squares which were separated into four blocks but then after a while I got a bit annoyed because every solution I tried I didn't seem to have any blocks left so I tried something different and made the robot move across the blocks,not make the robot go around in fours and then when I tapped the start button to start programming the robot it worked and then I moved quickly onto the next level trying to save the time I had used on that level.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>When I was stuck on 2-6 for a long time I asked Mr Keen to give me a little hint to how to do the level. Then Mr Keen noticed that people including me were struggling with this level for a long time so then he shushed the class and gave us a little hint to help us out because people were spending to much time trying to figure out how to complete it.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>I was independant on the level 2-6 even though I asked Mr Keen for a little hint to help me and prompt me on so that I could get more levels done in the time I had for this lesson. I worked out by myself that you could repeat the code you had written in the box with a command called P1 which made my life easier because I wouldn’t have to type everything I had already typed again.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>I think I persevered a lot in this lesson when times were hard. I personally thought that 2-6 was the hardest question but I tried all sorts of different ways to try and solve it and in the end it paid off because it said that I had completed the level and then fireworks came up on the screen and that made me feel relieved that all that time I had spent trying to make the robot move in a different way came in useful.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>When Mr Keen had introduced us to this new coding website I watched what he had typed into google so I knew what the game was called even before he mentioned the what the site was called. On levels that Mr Keen was showing us at the start of the lesson I paid full attention so I would know exactly what to do when he seats us back down again. I listened to what Mr Keen had to say about this site because it was a test to see how many questions you could get through in one hour so I needed to make sure I listened to the instructions carefully which I did so I got on with my work briskly which enabled me to get a good start.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>When I was stuck on level 2-6 for a long time, I was getting a bit annoyed and frustrated that the robot didn’t go where I wanted it to go so I asked Mr Keen for help which is the first thing that comes into mind when your stuck on something but maybe I could have tried more possibilities for the answer before asking for help.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time Mr Keen asks us to play around with a new website I will try to have more perseverance and make sure I use my time wisely. I could try out more methods to working the answer to each level so that I can explore more ways of completing the levels because in IT normally there is never just one right answer.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


