---
title: Fake News
layout: post
author: giacomo.mailey
permalink: /fake-news/
source-id: 17A6xrJASXBPNKSxyzR1UqO2qi_0koPyu9BDELK86jJw
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Fake news</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>22/04/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>This lesson, our starting point was to first sit down in our normal places and and sign into our accounts on our computers. Then Mr Keen told us to turn our monitors off so we wouldn't get distracted by them and listen to what he was saying about the internet and the news.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Our target for this lesson was to have a better understanding of the world’s media. This consists of: newspapers, magazines, TV programmes, films, posters, music and the internet. Mr Keen told us that the news that we read in newspapers is not always true. Sometimes they make lies so that they want you to believe what they want you to believe but most of it is not true.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>In this lesson I think I listened well and because of that I think now I know a lot more about media than I used to and the things I should believe and not believe.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>In this lesson we weren't given many tasks so I didn’t persevere as much as I have done in the past in previous lessons but the times when we were told to answer questions about media and newspapers I put my hand up but if I got it wrong I would put my hand up for the second question and try to get it right.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>I questioned a lot in class by putting my hand up and asking good questions. I also made some good points by contributing to the debate about newspapers and the internet.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>I was independant this lesson by putting my hand up and working out the answer for myself and not shouting it out. I also tried to work questions out and think about them before I discuss them with the person sitting next to me.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>I think I worked really hard in class by contributing to the lesson and generating answers that will help me know more about all the different types of media. I listened to everyone’s views and watched Mr Keen when he was explaining things.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>I watched everyone answer questions and listened to them so I had a good understanding of what we were talking about in the lesson. I talked to people around me so I could engage with them and discuss our different views on the impact of newspapers.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In my learning I could have made more eye-contact with the people that were speaking at the time. I also could have asked more questions.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time the changes that I have to make to improve my learning are, to watch every person speak and have their say and try to ask more questions.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


