---
title: JS Bin
layout: post
author: giacomo.mailey
permalink: /js-bin/
source-id: 1XgVk75W2Zmf0GtjDOz_GInBbwucreSChZUjjrKjvWZI
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>JS Bin</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>01/01/01</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Our starting point was to sign in to JS Bin and then come to the front of the classroom where Mr Keen will be showing us what we will be doing today.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Even though we have already done a little bit of work on JS Bin our target for this lesson was to be a bit more familiar with it and use it if we want to change any parts of code in our Github page to make our blogs look a bit more appealing before we actually copy it down to the real code to improve our blogs. Our task was mainly to focus on our tables that we should have already coded into our Github code and make it look even better. But Mr Keen said before we should make our table rules better on Github we should try it out first on JS Bin because it saves a lot of time.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>Yes I have reached my target because I am now more familiar with it. This is because I now know how to use a div, class and container. I used these to make the table rules on JS Bin as practise if I wanted to try something like this on my real website on Github.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>I persevered a lot this lesson because at first I wasn't exactly sure how to use divs and classes but now I feel a lot more confident with them because I persevered and tried to make the writing turn a different colour even though at first I didn’t succeed. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>I tried to question although not to much as I wanted to feel like I wanted to do the work myself with no help or pointers by teachers or students. I questioned Mr Keen if he could repeat what he had just said so I had a full understanding of what he just said.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>I didn’t get distracted by people in the classroom or staring outside the window and not paying attention to my work, I was paying full attention to what Mr Keen was saying because if I didn’t listen I could get a bit stuck if I did not know what to do.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>I thought I did well in class because I focused well and had tried hard in doing my best as I had never used JS bin in my old school before so I am proud of myself for not falling behind. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>I had engaged very well as I had successfully completed the task we were given and was listening very well so I could achieve a good outcome at the end of the lesson so I would feel content about what I had learned and did in the lesson. When Mr Keen is talking both of my eyes are looking at him and I am not fiddling with anything.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I could have made my backgrounds a different colour and changed a few other things to have made it look a little bit better than it was. </td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Try and have a wider range of thoughts on which could have made my class work even better. I need to make sure I have a forward slash when I am closing the end of the div because I sometimes forget and then it will make a mess with the rest of the code.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


